# Investigation

## Step 1 — Identify Suspicious Process

LimaCharlie timeline revealed execution of the process:

taskhostw.exe

Process path:

C:\Users\Admin\AppData\Roaming\taskhostw.exe

This path is abnormal because legitimate Windows binaries normally execute from:

C:\Windows\System32

---

## Step 2 — Confirm File Creation

Sysmon Event ID 11 confirmed creation of the binary:

C:\Users\Admin\AppData\Roaming\taskhostw.exe

Creator process:

C:\Windows\System32\cmd.exe

Timestamp correlation indicates the file was created seconds before execution.

---

## Step 3 — Validate Execution

Sysmon Event ID 1 confirmed the execution of the binary.

Parent Process:

cmd.exe

Command line:

cmd.exe /c copy %windir%\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0\powershell.exe %APPDATA%\taskhostw.exe /Y

This shows the binary was created by copying the legitimate PowerShell executable.

---

## Step 4 — Temporary Script Artifact

During execution, the masqueraded binary created a temporary PowerShell script inside the Temp directory.

Observed file:

C:\Users\Admin\AppData\Local\Temp\__PSScriptPolicyTest_ikr3c5x.oil.ps1

These files are automatically generated by PowerShell when verifying execution policy.

The presence of this artifact confirms that the masqueraded binary was executing PowerShell functionality despite using the name `taskhostw.exe`.

---

## Step 5 — Impact Assessment

No evidence of:

- persistence mechanisms
- lateral movement
- network communication
- privilege escalation

The activity was isolated to a single host.

---

## Conclusion

The investigation confirmed that a legitimate Windows binary (`powershell.exe`) was copied and renamed to `taskhostw.exe`.

The binary was executed from a user writable directory in an attempt to mimic a legitimate Windows process.

This behavior matches **MITRE ATT&CK Technique T1036.003 — Masquerading**.

The activity was generated during an Atomic Red Team simulation.